lang = English [US]

index.pageTitle = NPS Application Library
index.header.title = NPS Application Library
index.search.title = Search
index.search.refreshButton = Refresh search
index.search.refreshPopup = Click to refresh search.
index.search.loadingPopup = Loading...
index.search.noResults = No Results
index.search.namePlaceholder = Name


# Application
application.display.moreInfoButton = View details
application.display.moreInfoUrl = More info
application.display.closeInfoPopup = Close
application.display.editOrDelete = Edit / Delete

# Approval Statuses
application.approvalStatus = Approval Status
application.approvalStatus.unk        = Unknown
application.approvalStatus.approved   = Approved
application.approvalStatus.14parent   = 14+ w/ parental consent
application.approvalStatus.parentInfo = Parent informed use
application.approvalStatus.pilot      = Active pilot
application.approvalStatus.instructor = Instructor use only
application.approvalStatus.pending    = Pending
application.approvalStatus.denied     = Reviewed and denied

# Privacy Statuses
application.privacyStatus = Privacy Status
application.privacyStatus.unk         = Unknown
application.privacyStatus.compliant   = Compliant
application.privacyStatus.noncompliant= Noncompliant
application.privacyStatus.parent      = Parental consent required
application.privacyStatus.instructor  = Instructor use only
application.privacyStatus.noInfo      = No info collected
application.privacyStatus.na          = Not applicable

# Platform Names
application.platform = Platform
application.platform.windows          = Windows
application.platform.mac              = Macos
application.platform.linux            = Linux
application.platform.androidPhone     = Android Phone
application.platform.androidTablet    = Android Tablet
application.platform.applePhone       = iPhone
application.platform.appleTablet      = iPad
application.platform.web              = Web
application.platform.chromebook       = Chromebook

# Grade Levels Name
application.gradeLevel = Grade Level
application.gradeLevel.preK           = Pre K
application.gradeLevel.k              = Kindergarden
application.gradeLevel.1              = 1st Grade
application.gradeLevel.2              = 2nd Grade
application.gradeLevel.3              = 3rd Grade
application.gradeLevel.4              = 4th Grade
application.gradeLevel.5              = 5th Grade
application.gradeLevel.6              = 6th Grade
application.gradeLevel.7              = 7th Grade
application.gradeLevel.8              = 8th Grade
application.gradeLevel.9              = 9th / Freshmen
application.gradeLevel.10             = 10th / Sophmore
application.gradeLevel.11             = 11th / Junior
application.gradeLevel.12             = 12th / Senior

# Subject Names
application.subject = Subject
application.subject.cool              = Cool stuff
application.subject.uncool            = Uncool stuff
